cassandra 4.x migration guide (#17)
vert-x3/vertx-4-migration-guide: asciidoc/cassandra.adoc

=== Cassandra Client

==== Underlying driver changes

> In Vert.x 4 Cassandra Client uses a new major 4.x version of Datastax Java driver, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Vert.x 4 Cassandra Client uses the latest major version of Datastax Java driver (4.x), which
```

> is incompatible the previous one. Migration process might involve import changes and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is incompatible with the previous one. Migration process might involve import changes and 
```

changes in the way you create statements: 

```java
// Vert.x Cassandra Client 3.x:
import com.datastax.driver.core.ResultSet;
import com.datastax.driver.core.Row;
import com.datastax.driver.core.SimpleStatement;
import io.vertx.cassandra.CassandraClient;

SimpleStatement statement =
  new SimpleStatement("SELECT release_version FROM system.local");
cassandraClient.execute(statement, done -> {
    ResultSet results = done.result();
    Row row = resultSet.one();
    System.out.println(row.getString("release_version"));
});

// Vert.x Cassandra Client 4.x:
import com.datastax.oss.driver.api.core.cql.ResultSet;
import com.datastax.oss.driver.api.core.cql.Row;
import com.datastax.oss.driver.api.core.cql.SimpleStatement;
import io.vertx.cassandra.CassandraClient;

SimpleStatement statement =
  SimpleStatement.newInstance("SELECT release_version FROM system.local");
cassandraClient.execute(statement, done -> {
    ResultSet results = done.result();
    Row row = resultSet.one();
    System.out.println(row.getString("release_version"));
});
```

> ==== CassandraClientOptions changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== `CassandraClientOptions` changes
```

> Construction of CassandraClientOptions now might require different imports:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Construction of `CassandraClientOptions` now might require different imports:
```

```java
// Vert.x Cassandra Client 3.x:
import com.datastax.driver.core.Cluster;
import io.vertx.cassandra.CassandraClientOptions;

new CassandraClientOptions(Cluster.builder());

// Vert.x Cassandra Client 4.x:
import com.datastax.oss.driver.api.core.CqlSession;
import com.datastax.oss.driver.api.core.CqlSessionBuilder;
import io.vertx.cassandra.CassandraClientOptions;

new CassandraClientOptions(CqlSession.builder());
```

Methods `setPort`, `getContactPoints` and `setContactPoints` was removed. Instead,

> `addContactPoint` is expected to be used.

Reviewer: Can you add examples for Vert.x 3 and 4 like you did above?
